# AutoKeras-Neural_Architecture_Search-
NAS(Neural Architecture Search) is essentially a method to take the limitations of human design out of Neural Network architectures. To accomplish this, many different architectures are considered in parallel, trained, and evaluated. Following this each may be adjusted based on a selected algorithm to try another architecture. The end result is a sort of gradient descent of the model loss across each model attempted(Can be thousands!), instead of each step. The model that performed best is the winner and the Data Scientist can sleep well at night knowing they likely aren’t using an inferior algorithm.
I this project i have used a state of the art NAS network, namely Autokeras to find the best deep learning model to forecast electrical loads for 24 hours in future for BC,Canada. I have taked 2 years of data from BC Hydro as input. 
Autokeras and keras tuner has been used to tune and find the best model. Google colab pro has been used as IDE as it requires huge computational power. Data sequence size is 72( model will take 72 inputs and give 1 output for 73rd position). Also data sequence larger than 72 results from bad performance, data sequence 96 gives larger RMSE value. So data Sequence 72 is the optimized one for this model. Here input data has been encoded with multicategory encoder. And 250 epochs has been introduced. MAPE is under 2 % and Train data RMSE is 60.5 and Test data RMSE is 57.3. Without optimization and tuning till now best model was single layer LSTM that gave Train data RMSE is 93.6 and Test data RMSE is 92.6. So optimizing and tuning gives a good result. Mean value of input dataset is 7169, max value11541, min 0( has a blackout). From the above RMSE value we can see this model is the best model . And it is a well fitted model as Training data RMSE is almost similar to Test data RMSE.
